readme.md, before:

<img src="https://github.com/jptosso/coraza-waf/raw/master/docs/logo.png" width="50%">

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jptosso/Coraza-waf.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jptosso/Coraza-waf)
[![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ZenHubIO/support/master/zenhub-badge.png)](https://zenhub.com)
[![Bugs](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=jptosso_coraza-waf&metric=bugs)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=jptosso_coraza-waf)
[![Lines of Code](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=jptosso_coraza-waf&metric=ncloc)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=jptosso_coraza-waf)
[![Maintainability Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=jptosso_coraza-waf&metric=sqale_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=jptosso_coraza-waf)
[![Reliability Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=jptosso_coraza-waf&metric=reliability_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=jptosso_coraza-waf)
[![Security Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=jptosso_coraza-waf&metric=security_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=jptosso_coraza-waf)
[![Vulnerabilities](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=jptosso_coraza-waf&metric=vulnerabilities)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=jptosso_coraza-waf)
[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/jptosso/coraza-waf?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/jptosso/coraza-waf)

# Coraza Web Application Firewall

*This project is not intended for production yet*, APIs are going to change, it's not secure enough and it might crash.


### Table of Contents

- [Coraza Web Application Firewall](#coraza-web-application-firewall)
  * [What is the difference between this project and ModSecurity](#what-is-the-difference-between-this-project-and-modsecurity)
  * [Connector's status](#connector-s-status)
  * [To be Pre-Alpha](#to-be-pre-alpha)
  * [To be Alpha](#to-be-alpha)
  * [Low priority TO-DO](#low-priority-to-do)
  * [Rules reservation](#rules-reservation)
  * [Additional Operators](#additional-operators)
  * [Compile](#compile)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Credits](#credits)
  * [License](#license)


### Connector's status

| Connector  | status |
|---|---|
| C API Wrapper | TBD |
| Nginx Connector | TBD |
| Apache Connector | TBD |
| PHP composer Module | TBD |
| NodeJS Package | TBD |
| Python Package | TBD |
| Ruby Gem | TBD |
| .NET Component | TBD |
| Wordpress Plugin | TBD |
| Kong Plugin | TBD |
| CPanel Application | TBD |
| TCPDump listener | TBD |


### TO-DO

- [ ] Normalize API
- [x] Libinjection integration
- [x] LibGeoIp2 integration
- [x] Implement PCRE to replicate modsecurity regex
- [x] Add more settings
- [ ] Create Documentation
- [ ] Audit Logging (syslog, ES and concurrent)
- [x] Logrotate support
- [x] Implement Aho-Corasick matching
- [x] API Swagger
- [x] Docker Package
- [x] Fix logger
- [x] Implement Modsecurity Level 1 Core Features
- [ ] Autoconf
- [x] Vendoring
- [ ] Optimize pcre compilation instructions
- [ ] Optimize multi-threading
- [x] Reorder file and code structure
- [x] Optimize rule parser
- [ ] OWASP CRS Full Support (almost there)
- [x] Tests and Travis
- [ ] Benchmarking tools
- [ ] Plugin system
- [ ] Add IP Forward support
- [ ] Add settings reload feature
- [ ] Windows compatibility
- [ ] Add lua support (Do not copy modsecurity, we must build something better)


### Low priority TO-DO

- [ ] Cache geoip to enhance speed
- [ ] Create cloud playground
- [ ] Add lua scripting support
- [ ] Add clustering features
- [ ] Add support for plugins
- [ ] OpenAPI 3.0 Enforcement
- [ ] Implement coraza packages (rules and scripts)
- [ ] Implement custom data types
- [ ] Replace libinjection with something cooler
- [ ] Add custom operator to import files
- [ ] Add replace and masking capabilities to rules as "actions"

### Rules reservation

This project respects the original ModSecurity reserved rule IDs but removes those thar are not used anymore or not documented enough.

- 1–99,999: reserved for local (internal) use. Use as you see fit, but do not use this range for rules that are distributed to others
- 100,000–199,999: unused (available for reservation)*
- 200,000–299,999: reserved for rules published by Comodo
- 300,000–399,999: unused (available for reservation)*
- 400,000–419,999: unused (available for reservation)
- 420,000–429,999: unused (available for reservation)*
- 430,000–439,999: unused (available for reservation)*
- 440.000-599,999: unused (available for reservation)
- 600,000-699,999: reserved for use by Akamai http://www.akamai.com/html/solutions/waf.html
- 700,000–799,999: unused (available for reservation)*
- 900,000–999,999: reserved for the OWASP ModSecurity Core Rule Set http://www.owasp.org/index.php/Category:OWASP_ModSecurity_Core_Rule_Set_Project project
- 1,000,000-1,009,999: reserved for rules published by Redhat Security Team
- 1,010,000-1,999,999: reserved for rules from Coraza Technologies Research team
- 2,000,000-2,999,999: reserved for rules from Trustwave's SpiderLabs Research team
- 3,000,000-3,999,999: reserved for use by Akamai http://www.akamai.com/html/solutions/waf.html
- 4,000,000-4,099,999 unused (available for reservation)*
- 4,100,000-4,199,999 reserved: in use by Fastly https://www.fastly.com/products/cloud-security/#products-cloud-security-web-application-firewall
- 4,200,000-4,299,999 unused (available for reservation)*
- 4,300,000-4,300,999 unused (available for reservation)*
- 4,301,000-19,999,999: unused (available for reservation)
- 20,000,000-21,999,999: reserved for rules from Trustwave's SpiderLabs Research team
- 22,000,000 and above: unused (available for reservation)


### Use with docker


```
docker build -t coraza-waf .
docker run -d -it -p 8080:8080 --name=coraza-waf coraza-waf --host=0.0.0.0
```

If you want to use your own settings, you must set the volume of /etc/coraza/ to your custom virtual path.

### Usage

### Compile from source

Compilation prerequisites: golang 1.11>, C compiler, libpcre++-dev, libinjection compiled (use `make libinjection`)

You can compile each package individually running: `go build cmd/waf-rproxy/waf-rproxy.go` or using the make scripts.

```
make
sudo make install
```

### Credits

* The modsecurity team from the baseline for this project

# Compatibility

## Variables

- [x] ARGS
- [x] ARGS_COMBINED_SIZE
- [x] ARGS_GET
- [x] ARGS_GET_NAMES
- [x] ARGS_NAMES
- [x] ARGS_POST
- [x] ARGS_POST_NAMES
- [ ] AUTH_TYPE
- [ ] DURATION
- [ ] ENV
- [x] FILES
- [x] FILES_COMBINED_SIZE
- [x] FILES_NAMES
- [x] FULL_REQUEST
- [x] FULL_REQUEST_LENGTH
- [x] FILES_SIZES
- [x] FILES_TMPNAMES
- [x] FILES_TMP_CONTENT
- [x] GEO
- [ ] HIGHEST_SEVERITY
- [ ] INBOUND_DATA_ERROR
- [ ] MATCHED_VAR
- [ ] MATCHED_VARS
- [ ] MATCHED_VAR_NAME
- [ ] MATCHED_VARS_NAMES
- [ ] MODSEC_BUILD
- [ ] MULTIPART_CRLF_LF_LINES
- [x] MULTIPART_FILENAME
- [x] MULTIPART_NAME
- [ ] MULTIPART_STRICT_ERROR
- [ ] MULTIPART_UNMATCHED_BOUNDARY
- [ ] OUTBOUND_DATA_ERROR
- [ ] PATH_INFO
- [ ] PERF_ALL
- [ ] PERF_COMBINED
- [ ] PERF_GC
- [ ] PERF_LOGGING
- [ ] PERF_PHASE1
- [ ] PERF_PHASE2
- [ ] PERF_PHASE3
- [ ] PERF_PHASE4
- [ ] PERF_PHASE5
- [ ] PERF_RULES
- [ ] PERF_SREAD
- [ ] PERF_SWRITE
- [x] QUERY_STRING
- [x] REMOTE_ADDR
- [x] REMOTE_HOST
- [x] REMOTE_PORT
- [ ] REMOTE_USER
- [ ] REQBODY_ERROR
- [ ] REQBODY_ERROR_MSG
- [ ] REQBODY_PROCESSOR
- [x] REQUEST_BASENAME
- [x] REQUEST_BODY
- [x] REQUEST_BODY_LENGTH
- [x] REQUEST_COOKIES
- [x] REQUEST_COOKIES_NAMES
- [x] REQUEST_FILENAME
- [x] REQUEST_HEADERS
- [x] REQUEST_HEADERS_NAMES
- [x] REQUEST_LINE
- [x] REQUEST_METHOD
- [x] REQUEST_PROTOCOL
- [x] REQUEST_URI
- [ ] REQUEST_URI_RAW
- [x] RESPONSE_BODY
- [x] RESPONSE_CONTENT_LENGTH
- [x] RESPONSE_CONTENT_TYPE
- [x] RESPONSE_HEADERS
- [x] RESPONSE_HEADERS_NAMES
- [ ] RESPONSE_PROTOCOL
- [ ] RESPONSE_STATUS
- [ ] RULE
- [ ] SCRIPT_BASENAME
- [ ] SCRIPT_FILENAME
- [ ] SCRIPT_GID
- [ ] SCRIPT_GROUPNAME
- [ ] SCRIPT_MODE
- [ ] SCRIPT_UID
- [ ] SCRIPT_USERNAME
- [ ] SDBM_DELETE_ERROR
- [ ] SERVER_ADDR
- [ ] SERVER_NAME
- [ ] SERVER_PORT
- [ ] SESSION
- [ ] SESSIONID
- [ ] STATUS_LINE
- [ ] STREAM_INPUT_BODY
- [ ] STREAM_OUTPUT_BODY
- [ ] TIME
- [ ] TIME_DAY
- [ ] TIME_EPOCH
- [ ] TIME_HOUR
- [ ] TIME_MIN
- [ ] TIME_MON
- [ ] TIME_SEC
- [ ] TIME_WDAY
- [ ] TIME_YEAR
- [x] TX
- [ ] UNIQUE_ID
- [ ] URLENCODED_ERROR
- [ ] USERID
- [ ] USERAGENT_IP
- [ ] WEBAPPID
- [ ] WEBSERVER_ERROR_LOG
- [ ] XML

## Operators

- [x] beginsWith
- [x] contains
- [x] containsWord
- [x] detectSQLi
- [x] detectXSS
- [x] endsWith
- [ ] fuzzyHash
- [x] eq
- [x] ge
- [x] geoLookup
- [ ] gsbLookup
- [x] gt
- [ ] inspectFile
- [x] ipMatch
- [ ] ipMatchF
- [ ] ipMatchFromFile
- [x] le
- [x] lt
- [ ] noMatch
- [x] pm
- [x] pmf
- [x] pmFromFile
- [x] rbl
- [x] rsub
- [x] rx
- [x] streq
- [ ] strmatch
- [x] unconditionalMatch
- [ ] validateByteRange
- [ ] validateDTD
- [ ] validateHash
- [ ] validateSchema
- [ ] validateUrlEncoding
- [ ] validateUtf8Encoding
- [ ] verifyCC
- [ ] verifyCPF
- [ ] verifySSN
- [x] within

## Phases

- [x] Phase Request Headers
- [x] Phase Request Body
- [x] Phase Response Headers
- [x] Phase Response Body
- [x] Phase Logging

## Actions

- [x] accuracy
- [x] allow
- [ ] append
- [x] auditlog
- [x] block
- [x] capture
- [x] chain
- [x] ctl
- [x] deny
- [ ] deprecatevar
- [x] drop
- [ ] exec
- [x] expirevar
- [x] id
- [x] initcol
- [x] log
- [x] logdata
- [x] maturity
- [x] msg
- [x] multiMatch
- [x] noauditlog
- [x] nolog
- [x] pass
- [x] pause
- [x] phase
- [ ] prepend
- [ ] proxy
- [ ] redirect
- [x] rev
- [ ] sanitiseArg
- [ ] sanitiseMatched
- [ ] sanitiseMatchedBytes
- [ ] sanitiseRequestHeader
- [ ] sanitiseResponseHeader
- [x] severity
- [ ] setuid
- [ ] setrsc
- [ ] setsid
- [ ] setenv
- [x] setvar
- [x] skip
- [x] skipAfter
- [x] status
- [x] t
- [x] tag
- [x] ver
- [ ] xmlns

## Transformations

- [x] base64Decode
- [x] sqlHexDecode
- [x] base64DecodeExt
- [x] base64Encode
- [x] cmdLine
- [x] compressWhitespace
- [ ] cssDecode
- [x] escapeSeqDecode
- [x] hexDecode
- [x] hexEncode
- [x] htmlEntityDecode
- [ ] jsDecode
- [x] length
- [x] lowercase
- [x] md5
- [x] none
- [x] normalisePath
- [x] normalizePath
- [x] normalisePathWin
- [x] normalizePathWin
- [x] parityEven7bit
- [x] parityOdd7bit
- [x] parityZero7bit
- [x] removeNulls
- [x] removeWhitespace
- [x] replaceComments
- [x] removeCommentsChar
- [x] removeComments
- [x] replaceNulls
- [x] urlDecode
- [x] uppercase
- [x] urlDecodeUni
- [x] urlEncode
- [x] utf8toUnicode
- [x] sha1
- [x] trimLeft
- [x] trimRight
- [x] trim


### License

To pay respect for the spirit of the ModSecurity project, Coraza also inherits the Apache 2 License, please check the LICENSE file for full details.

Commit message:

switching from rproxy to skipper

readme.md, after:

<img src="https://github.com/jptosso/coraza-waf/raw/master/docs/logo.png" width="50%">

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jptosso/Coraza-waf.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jptosso/Coraza-waf)
[![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ZenHubIO/support/master/zenhub-badge.png)](https://zenhub.com)
[![Bugs](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=jptosso_coraza-waf&metric=bugs)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=jptosso_coraza-waf)
[![Lines of Code](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=jptosso_coraza-waf&metric=ncloc)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=jptosso_coraza-waf)
[![Maintainability Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=jptosso_coraza-waf&metric=sqale_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=jptosso_coraza-waf)
[![Reliability Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=jptosso_coraza-waf&metric=reliability_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=jptosso_coraza-waf)
[![Security Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=jptosso_coraza-waf&metric=security_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=jptosso_coraza-waf)
[![Vulnerabilities](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=jptosso_coraza-waf&metric=vulnerabilities)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=jptosso_coraza-waf)
[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/jptosso/coraza-waf?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/jptosso/coraza-waf)

# Coraza Web Application Firewall

*This project is not intended for production yet*, APIs are going to change, it's not secure enough and it might crash.


### Table of Contents

- [Coraza Web Application Firewall](#coraza-web-application-firewall)
  * [What is the difference between this project and ModSecurity](#what-is-the-difference-between-this-project-and-modsecurity)
  * [Connector's status](#connector-s-status)
  * [To be Pre-Alpha](#to-be-pre-alpha)
  * [To be Alpha](#to-be-alpha)
  * [Low priority TO-DO](#low-priority-to-do)
  * [Rules reservation](#rules-reservation)
  * [Additional Operators](#additional-operators)
  * [Compile](#compile)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Credits](#credits)
  * [License](#license)


### Connector's status

| Connector  | status |
|---|---|
| C API Wrapper | TBD |
| Nginx Connector | TBD |
| Apache Connector | TBD |
| PHP composer Module | TBD |
| NodeJS Package | TBD |
| Python Package | TBD |
| Ruby Gem | TBD |
| .NET Component | TBD |
| Wordpress Plugin | TBD |
| Kong Plugin | TBD |
| CPanel Application | TBD |
| TCPDump listener | TBD |


### TO-DO

- [ ] Normalize API
- [x] Libinjection integration
- [x] LibGeoIp2 integration
- [x] Implement PCRE to replicate modsecurity regex
- [x] Add more settings
- [ ] Replace libinjection for something awesome, maybe AI?
- [ ] Create Documentation
- [ ] Audit Logging (syslog, ES and concurrent)
- [x] Logrotate support
- [x] Implement Aho-Corasick matching
- [x] API Swagger
- [x] Docker Package
- [x] Fix logger
- [x] Implement Modsecurity Level 1 Core Features
- [ ] Autoconf
- [x] Vendoring
- [ ] Optimize pcre compilation instructions
- [ ] Optimize multi-threading
- [x] Reorder file and code structure
- [x] Optimize rule parser
- [ ] OWASP CRS Full Support (almost there)
- [x] Tests and Travis
- [ ] Benchmarking tools
- [ ] Plugin system
- [ ] Add IP Forward support
- [ ] Add settings reload feature
- [ ] Windows compatibility
- [ ] Add lua support (Do not copy modsecurity, we must build something better)


### Low priority TO-DO

- [ ] Cache geoip to enhance speed
- [ ] Create cloud playground
- [ ] Add lua scripting support
- [ ] Add clustering features
- [ ] Add support for plugins
- [ ] OpenAPI 3.0 Enforcement
- [ ] Implement coraza packages (rules and scripts)
- [ ] Implement custom data types
- [ ] Replace libinjection with something cooler
- [ ] Add custom operator to import files
- [ ] Add replace and masking capabilities to rules as "actions"

### Rules reservation

This project respects the original ModSecurity reserved rule IDs but removes those thar are not used anymore or not documented enough.

- 1–99,999: reserved for local (internal) use. Use as you see fit, but do not use this range for rules that are distributed to others
- 100,000–199,999: unused (available for reservation)*
- 200,000–299,999: reserved for rules published by Comodo
- 300,000–399,999: unused (available for reservation)*
- 400,000–419,999: unused (available for reservation)
- 420,000–429,999: unused (available for reservation)*
- 430,000–439,999: unused (available for reservation)*
- 440.000-599,999: unused (available for reservation)
- 600,000-699,999: reserved for use by Akamai http://www.akamai.com/html/solutions/waf.html
- 700,000–799,999: unused (available for reservation)*
- 900,000–999,999: reserved for the OWASP ModSecurity Core Rule Set http://www.owasp.org/index.php/Category:OWASP_ModSecurity_Core_Rule_Set_Project project
- 1,000,000-1,009,999: reserved for rules published by Redhat Security Team
- 1,010,000-1,999,999: reserved for rules from Coraza Technologies Research team
- 2,000,000-2,999,999: reserved for rules from Trustwave's SpiderLabs Research team
- 3,000,000-3,999,999: reserved for use by Akamai http://www.akamai.com/html/solutions/waf.html
- 4,000,000-4,099,999 unused (available for reservation)*
- 4,100,000-4,199,999 reserved: in use by Fastly https://www.fastly.com/products/cloud-security/#products-cloud-security-web-application-firewall
- 4,200,000-4,299,999 unused (available for reservation)*
- 4,300,000-4,300,999 unused (available for reservation)*
- 4,301,000-19,999,999: unused (available for reservation)
- 20,000,000-21,999,999: reserved for rules from Trustwave's SpiderLabs Research team
- 22,000,000 and above: unused (available for reservation)


### Use with docker


```
docker build -t coraza-waf .
docker run -d -it -p 8080:8080 --name=coraza-waf coraza-waf --host=0.0.0.0
```

If you want to use your own settings, you must set the volume of /etc/coraza/ to your custom virtual path.

### Usage

### Compile from source

Compilation prerequisites: golang 1.11>, C compiler, libpcre++-dev, libinjection compiled (use `make libinjection`)

You can compile each package individually running: `go build cmd/skipper/main.go` or using the make scripts.

```
make
sudo make install
```

### Compile as a skipper plugin

Change package name of pkg/skipper/filters.go from skipper to main and then:
```
GO111MODULE=on go build -buildmode=plugin -o coraza.so pkg/skipper/filters.go
skipper -filter-plugin coraza
```

### Credits

* The modsecurity team from the baseline for this project

# Compatibility

## Variables

- [x] ARGS
- [x] ARGS_COMBINED_SIZE
- [x] ARGS_GET
- [x] ARGS_GET_NAMES
- [x] ARGS_NAMES
- [x] ARGS_POST
- [x] ARGS_POST_NAMES
- [ ] AUTH_TYPE
- [ ] DURATION
- [ ] ENV
- [x] FILES
- [x] FILES_COMBINED_SIZE
- [x] FILES_NAMES
- [x] FULL_REQUEST
- [x] FULL_REQUEST_LENGTH
- [x] FILES_SIZES
- [x] FILES_TMPNAMES
- [x] FILES_TMP_CONTENT
- [x] GEO
- [ ] HIGHEST_SEVERITY
- [ ] INBOUND_DATA_ERROR
- [ ] MATCHED_VAR
- [ ] MATCHED_VARS
- [ ] MATCHED_VAR_NAME
- [ ] MATCHED_VARS_NAMES
- [ ] MODSEC_BUILD
- [ ] MULTIPART_CRLF_LF_LINES
- [x] MULTIPART_FILENAME
- [x] MULTIPART_NAME
- [ ] MULTIPART_STRICT_ERROR
- [ ] MULTIPART_UNMATCHED_BOUNDARY
- [ ] OUTBOUND_DATA_ERROR
- [ ] PATH_INFO
- [ ] PERF_ALL
- [ ] PERF_COMBINED
- [ ] PERF_GC
- [ ] PERF_LOGGING
- [ ] PERF_PHASE1
- [ ] PERF_PHASE2
- [ ] PERF_PHASE3
- [ ] PERF_PHASE4
- [ ] PERF_PHASE5
- [ ] PERF_RULES
- [ ] PERF_SREAD
- [ ] PERF_SWRITE
- [x] QUERY_STRING
- [x] REMOTE_ADDR
- [x] REMOTE_HOST
- [x] REMOTE_PORT
- [ ] REMOTE_USER
- [ ] REQBODY_ERROR
- [ ] REQBODY_ERROR_MSG
- [ ] REQBODY_PROCESSOR
- [x] REQUEST_BASENAME
- [x] REQUEST_BODY
- [x] REQUEST_BODY_LENGTH
- [x] REQUEST_COOKIES
- [x] REQUEST_COOKIES_NAMES
- [x] REQUEST_FILENAME
- [x] REQUEST_HEADERS
- [x] REQUEST_HEADERS_NAMES
- [x] REQUEST_LINE
- [x] REQUEST_METHOD
- [x] REQUEST_PROTOCOL
- [x] REQUEST_URI
- [ ] REQUEST_URI_RAW
- [x] RESPONSE_BODY
- [x] RESPONSE_CONTENT_LENGTH
- [x] RESPONSE_CONTENT_TYPE
- [x] RESPONSE_HEADERS
- [x] RESPONSE_HEADERS_NAMES
- [ ] RESPONSE_PROTOCOL
- [ ] RESPONSE_STATUS
- [ ] RULE
- [ ] SCRIPT_BASENAME
- [ ] SCRIPT_FILENAME
- [ ] SCRIPT_GID
- [ ] SCRIPT_GROUPNAME
- [ ] SCRIPT_MODE
- [ ] SCRIPT_UID
- [ ] SCRIPT_USERNAME
- [ ] SDBM_DELETE_ERROR
- [ ] SERVER_ADDR
- [ ] SERVER_NAME
- [ ] SERVER_PORT
- [ ] SESSION
- [ ] SESSIONID
- [ ] STATUS_LINE
- [ ] STREAM_INPUT_BODY
- [ ] STREAM_OUTPUT_BODY
- [ ] TIME
- [ ] TIME_DAY
- [ ] TIME_EPOCH
- [ ] TIME_HOUR
- [ ] TIME_MIN
- [ ] TIME_MON
- [ ] TIME_SEC
- [ ] TIME_WDAY
- [ ] TIME_YEAR
- [x] TX
- [ ] UNIQUE_ID
- [ ] URLENCODED_ERROR
- [ ] USERID
- [ ] USERAGENT_IP
- [ ] WEBAPPID
- [ ] WEBSERVER_ERROR_LOG
- [ ] XML

## Operators

- [x] beginsWith
- [x] contains
- [x] containsWord
- [x] detectSQLi
- [x] detectXSS
- [x] endsWith
- [ ] fuzzyHash
- [x] eq
- [x] ge
- [x] geoLookup
- [ ] gsbLookup
- [x] gt
- [ ] inspectFile
- [x] ipMatch
- [ ] ipMatchF
- [ ] ipMatchFromFile
- [x] le
- [x] lt
- [ ] noMatch
- [x] pm
- [x] pmf
- [x] pmFromFile
- [x] rbl
- [x] rsub
- [x] rx
- [x] streq
- [ ] strmatch
- [x] unconditionalMatch
- [ ] validateByteRange
- [ ] validateDTD
- [ ] validateHash
- [ ] validateSchema
- [ ] validateUrlEncoding
- [ ] validateUtf8Encoding
- [ ] verifyCC
- [ ] verifyCPF
- [ ] verifySSN
- [x] within

## Phases

- [x] Phase Request Headers
- [x] Phase Request Body
- [x] Phase Response Headers
- [x] Phase Response Body
- [x] Phase Logging

## Actions

- [x] accuracy
- [x] allow
- [ ] append
- [x] auditlog
- [x] block
- [x] capture
- [x] chain
- [x] ctl
- [x] deny
- [ ] deprecatevar
- [x] drop
- [ ] exec
- [x] expirevar
- [x] id
- [x] initcol
- [x] log
- [x] logdata
- [x] maturity
- [x] msg
- [x] multiMatch
- [x] noauditlog
- [x] nolog
- [x] pass
- [x] pause
- [x] phase
- [ ] prepend
- [ ] proxy
- [ ] redirect
- [x] rev
- [ ] sanitiseArg
- [ ] sanitiseMatched
- [ ] sanitiseMatchedBytes
- [ ] sanitiseRequestHeader
- [ ] sanitiseResponseHeader
- [x] severity
- [ ] setuid
- [ ] setrsc
- [ ] setsid
- [ ] setenv
- [x] setvar
- [x] skip
- [x] skipAfter
- [x] status
- [x] t
- [x] tag
- [x] ver
- [ ] xmlns

## Transformations

- [x] base64Decode
- [x] sqlHexDecode
- [x] base64DecodeExt
- [x] base64Encode
- [x] cmdLine
- [x] compressWhitespace
- [ ] cssDecode
- [x] escapeSeqDecode
- [x] hexDecode
- [x] hexEncode
- [x] htmlEntityDecode
- [ ] jsDecode
- [x] length
- [x] lowercase
- [x] md5
- [x] none
- [x] normalisePath
- [x] normalizePath
- [x] normalisePathWin
- [x] normalizePathWin
- [x] parityEven7bit
- [x] parityOdd7bit
- [x] parityZero7bit
- [x] removeNulls
- [x] removeWhitespace
- [x] replaceComments
- [x] removeCommentsChar
- [x] removeComments
- [x] replaceNulls
- [x] urlDecode
- [x] uppercase
- [x] urlDecodeUni
- [x] urlEncode
- [x] utf8toUnicode
- [x] sha1
- [x] trimLeft
- [x] trimRight
- [x] trim


### License

To pay respect for the spirit of the ModSecurity project, Coraza also inherits the Apache 2 License, please check the LICENSE file for full details.
